well welcome back in Chicago motorcars
and thanks for joining me for a ride in
this beautiful BMW x5m what can I say
about this car you know a lot of people
that really don't understand what the
BMW M edges all the in bed
cars are bred to be you know daily
driver but track style cars the car you
really could drive to the racetrack to
race all day but you could also drive it
to and from work so it's not just a
typical x5 where they just throw a big
engine in and it goes fast it's
thoroughly engineered to handle all the
extra power and buy extra power there's
a twin-turbo v8 up front here it's a 4.4
liter displacement 555 horsepower that's
unbelievable when you think about it and
it feels every bit of 555 horsepower
fast when you get on it but this thing
is extremely athletic it's comfortable
I'd say it's smooth but you know
obviously it's a little bit of a sporty
ER ride
the visibility's fantastic is you can
get in any x5 and these comfort seats
are excellent you can see I can bend the
backrest here to meet my shoulders get
nice and comfortable power tilt and
telescope steering wheel here which I
may add has shift paddles on it so you
can shift up and down through the
6-speed automatic
you can see under acceleration it's
really smooth
you know the transmissions really
seamless you can't feel it shift through
the gears and there's so much torque in
this engine you barely just have to lay
into the throttle to even get this thing
to start moving in or does it have to
downshift to go fast but when you really
really want to go fast what you have to
do is you've got to hit this button here
on the steering wheel it says M on it
what it does is it changes the
parameters of the driving experience of
the car so I just hit that it'll
actually increase this part to the
engine so that's when you're making your
full hundred five hundred fifty five
horsepower
but the sport exhaust just sounds mean
a little bumpy a road here but you can't
even hear it but I'm I'm going a pretty
good cliff here
just to give you an idea how fast this
puppy really is from a roll out on the
highway here we go
Wow
yes that's unbelievable I mean that that
basically defies physics for a sport
utility like this just lay in and go so
fast
and it's smooth you can put four people
in here actually I'm sorry you go put
five people in here if you so chose
including the driver and scare five
people all once including yourself but
what's amazing is that even though it
makes all this power it's bred to
actually handle the power you've got
huge massive 20-inch wheels on here a
suspension that's bred to match the
power I'll pop this back over and drive
but
just an unbelievable experience behind
the wheel this truck he can't even
really call it a truck cause it doesn't
feel like a truck it feels like it's
ready to hit the racetrack and it
doesn't just feel like it is ready to
hit the racetrack
this car is still under the BMW
manufacturers warranty as well that does
include the scheduled maintenance which
includes your brake pads which is pretty
neat at your fingertips you got this big
thick rim steering wheel
it really is feels like a race steering
wheel it's huge diameter the grip all
the way around and then also the shift
paddles back here you can use these to
manually shift the six-speed Automatic
you know what else can I say heated and
ventilated seats up here for zone
climate control it does have the rear
climate package faux leather dashboard
leather on the doors and everything
really is right at your fingertips the
iDrive system simple to use you've got a
bunch of great options there HD radio
got the iPod connector right down here
and the big thick wheel here is heated I
might add
you know on the road cruising along at
55 miles an hour it feels as common
serena's anything out there obviously
you have a little bit more of a
amplified ride quality just because it's
you know it's well tuned the steering is
so finely tuned that you know the
lightest inputs you really do get an
instant reaction from the car
but again I can't state how powerful
this feels it feels so powerful just to
give you little taste the acceleration
I'm not gonna really go crazy here but
I'm gonna put it in the M mode I'm gonna
drop the transmission in the sport mode
so that's gonna allow it to hold a lower
gear so that you get to stay at a power
band a little bit longer but you'll see
Wow
that's basically zero to 60
and I did not even have my foot all the
way to the floor it was close but not
all the way
Wow crazy smooth power
now this car essentially listed for very
close to $100,000 when new and right now
even in factory warranty you can
basically buy that car for about half
price that makes this car just a
tremendous value so even with the luxury
CTS they are heated and ventilated but I
also have a massage function so if I go
ahead and hit that I'm getting a lower
posterior massage right now not too bad
can't complain there
for more information on this x5m and all
the rest of the cars in our inventory
you can visit our website you'll find us
at Chicago motorcars comm and when
you're done there you can check out our
youtube channel it's youtube.com slash
Chicago motorcars thanks for coming for
a ride with me today we'll see you again
soon
you